macros: Reserve (some) macros beginning with underscore to the implementation (#55)
j3-fortran/fpp-202y: drafts/25-xxx-specifications.txt

Reviewer: You missed one instance in converting "implementation" to "processor":

> The following macro names shall be defined by the implementation:

7 Predefined macros
===================

pm00. Macro names beginning with a leading underscore followed by an uppercase
      letter or a second underscore are reserved to the processor. Reserved
      names shall not be the subject of a #define or #undef preprocessing
      directive within a program unit.
      [Note: Any valid macro name matching the regular expression `/^_[A-Z_].*/`
      is considered reserved.]

pm01. Any macro name predefined by the implementation shall begin with a
      leading underscore followed by an uppercase letter or a second
      underscore.

> pm02. The processor shall not predefine the macro `__cplusplus`,

Reviewer: I think we've decided to use Fortran terminology ("the processor", "processor-dependent") instead of C terminology ("the implementation", "implementation-defined").

As such, we should probably apply that rule consistently throughout the document. I believe all the remaining instances appear below in this section.

SIDE-NOTE: C makes a subtle distinction between "unspecified behavior" and "implementation-defined behavior". Fortran seems to generally lump both categories into  "processor-dependent", so we should probably follow that convention.

Author: And of course C++ actually has further distinctions between [implementation-defined behavior](https://eel.is/c++draft/intro.defs#defns.impl.defined), [unspecified behavior](https://eel.is/c++draft/intro.defs#defns.unspecified), and [undefined behavior](https://eel.is/c++draft/intro.defs#defns.undefined).

Reviewer: > C++ actually has further distinctions between [implementation-defined behavior](https://eel.is/c++draft/intro.defs#defns.impl.defined), [unspecified behavior](https://eel.is/c++draft/intro.defs#defns.unspecified), and [undefined behavior](https://eel.is/c++draft/intro.defs#defns.undefined).

Well sure, all three languages have a concept of undefined behavior, but that's not relevant here.

My point was just that Fortran lacks the subtle distinction between "unspecified"("processor dependent") and "implementation-defined" (no Fortran equivalent)

7 Predefined macros
===================

pm00. Macro names beginning with a leading underscore followed by an uppercase
      letter or a second underscore are reserved to the processor. Reserved
      names shall not be the subject of a #define or #undef preprocessing
      directive within a program unit.

>       [Note: Any valid macro name matching the regular expression `/^_[A-Z_].*/`

Reviewer 2: Two things: I would rather we call out the full regular expression, not leave it to the reader to piece together `valid macro name` and the use of `.*`.

Also, since `^` means beginning-of-line in regex-speak, I would prefer to omit it. We're matching a macro name, not a line.

```suggestion
      [Note: Any macro name matching the regular expression `/_[A-Z][A-Za-z0-9_]*/`
```

Author: @gklimowicz Explicit is good, agreed on expanding out the macro.

Re: `^`, according to POSIX anyway, [`^` anchors the expression to the beginning of the string](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9799919799/basedefs/V1_chap09.html#tag_09_03_08) rather than the beginning of the line. (To have `^` match the beginning of any line, you have to add the `m` modifier in _e.g._ PCRE.)

Author: by the same argument, I guess the "correct" regex is actually `/_[A-Z][A-Za-z0-9_]*$/` since
> The <dollar-sign> shall anchor the expression (or optionally subexpression) to the end of the string being matched

Reviewer 2: I'm good with both `^` and `$` being used in the regex.

>       is considered reserved.]

Reviewer: The updated regex is incorrect because it fails to match names like `__reserved` that are reserved by the prose.
(I blame @gklimowicz ;-) )

```suggestion
      [Note: Any valid macro name matching the regular expression `/^_[A-Z_][A-Za-z0-9_]*/`
      is considered reserved.]
```

FWIW I'm ambivalent about the leading `^`, as I expect that will be understood. I'm not even sure this "note" is really necessary/beneficial, because it just duplicates what the rule prose already specifies.

Author: Oops, you're right again.

Happy to remove the note, though IIUC notes are mostly just there to help the implementers but aren't part of the standard? It might just be that I'm weird and find it easier to parse a regex than a paragraph...

7 Predefined macros
===================

> pm00. Macros beginning with a leading underscore followed by an uppercase letter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pm00. Macro names beginning with a leading underscore followed by an uppercase letter
```

>       or a second underscore are reserved to the implementation. A program unit
>       shall not define a macro beginning with an underscore followed by an
>       uppercase letter or a second underscore.

Reviewer: This is repetitive with the previous sentence, and does not cover `#undef`. 
Finally, "the implementation" does not appear to be formally defined in Fortran. I think we mean "the processor".

How about something more like:

```suggestion
      or a second underscore are reserved to the processor. Such reserved
      names shall not be the subject of a #define or #undef preprocessing directive.
```

Reviewer: With this change, this rule becomes partially redundant with pm12.

We should probably strip down pm12 to only cover the `defined` identifier
